While you are welcome to put the PCB in any enclosure you want, the PCB was designed to be sandwiched between two pieces of Lexan. The Lexan sheets usually come with protective plastic on both sides. It's recommended you leave this on until you're done drilling and filing. Instructions:

1) Cut two pieces of Lexan (Polycarbonate) exactly 4 inches x 6 inches.
2) Drill 3mm holes near each corner. The holes are placed exactly 1/2 inch from the edge. If you have access to a 3D printer, you can print the corner_jig which will give you a guide as to where to drill. Or, if you have an extra PCB you can use it as a template. Using thin, Scotch tape-like double sided tape, attach the PCB to the Lexan sheet. Drill the 4 corner holes. Do this with both sheets. One sheet will be the front, the other the back.
3) On one of the sheets, drill a single hole 3/4 inch from the side, 1 1/4 inch from the bottom. You can also use the PCB as a template. There are three holes on the rectangular rotary encoder (control knob). Drill the hole in the center. This hole is for the knob. This sheet will be the top
4) While it's not required, it will make a neater and safer enclosure to round the corners. These can be rounded using a file. The corner jig can be used to get the radius consistent. You can also use a PCB as a template.
5) It's recommended you put a spacer in the hole in the middle of the PCB. This will add rigidity. Also, a spacer should be placed in the center hole under the rotary encoder. This will give support when the encoder is pushed.
6) Using spacers, screws, nuts from the 3mm Nylon screw kit, install spacers in the corners that are slightly taller than the LCD. If you get this height right, you can install the rotary encoder on the front Lexan sheet and it will neatly plug into the socket installed on the PCB. Depending on the Nylon screw kit you got, it might take some experimenting to find the best height. Be aware the lower left hole shares the hole with the LCD module so you will need a shorter spacer. With all 4 corners the same height, place the lexan sheet and screw 4 nylon screws in the corners. For the bottom, use shorter spacers.